# Storytime Discord Bot
A Discord bot for tabletop gaming featuring abitrary dice rolling, character creation/editing, and a JSON database. Built using DSharpPlus, a .NET Discord API wrapper, in Visual Studio. The JSON database is within character_data.json, and created using dictionaries. It is structured so that users can only access characters they have created by making sure characters are nested within a users Discord ID. Furthermore, the database is built to handle custom user input variables or character stats.

To startup the bot enter the bin/Debug folder and double-click Storytime Bot.exe. However, Token (found in config.json) and guildId (found in Bot.cs) are filled with placeholders for security. To properly utilize the bot go to https://discord.com/developers/applications and sign in using your discord account. Next, select "New Application" and go through the required steps to create an application. Next, select the "Installation" tab and select "Guild Install", add "applications.commands" and "bot" scopes, then generate the invite link using "Discord Provided Link". From here, click the link and invite the bot into a discord server you own. You can make a new server to test this. However, for the bot to be able to connect to the Discord API and execute command in the server, you must insert your token and guildId where the placeholders are. Your application token can be found in the "Bot" tab of the Discord Dev site where you have to generate it by hitting "reset token" or "generate token". The guildId of a server can be found by right-clicking the server icon and selecting "Copy Server ID". Once all the inserting is done, 
run the code in VS, and keep it running to keep the bot online. After performing these steps, you now have a fully functional Storytime Bot!
